and then check out the game today in flashback
remake is nothing more than the new version
of the classic 1992 flashback game in the
initially launched platform style
for a series that all personal and
later converted to the mega drive
and super nintendo nintendo 3d the atari
sega cd and recently converted to
iphone
the game was developed by the delphi of
internet software published by ie s
gold flashback is a futuristic game that
use the game mechanics similar to the
classic prince of persia at the time
attracted attention both by the graphs
with the story without much depth
mixing laser weapon area technologies
in a confused future or a full plate
for those who like the science fiction
game against secret agent's xara
called code that is captured by the
alien furniture that has the ability to
of transforming into humans
he is caught he discovered a
conspiracy without list of aliens
who intends to destroy the land
be stuck with where I have deleted memory
and predicting that this would happen with
he backed up his memories in cubes
graphs as it was the future in
awaits
and in the game you have to recover these
cubes that contains a series of flashbacks
am going to help you recover your
memories and frustrates the plan
aliens in 1992
the game was considered revolutionary
due to their realistic movements
because they used the technique of rotoscopy
the same used in mortal kombat in which
actors are filmed and their movements
are used when creating animations
to the game
the game came to be called
first platform game
cinematographic
Good, now it's enough.
I already said too much about the old game
Now let's talk about the remake.
in the current flashback the gameplay
continues to involve the exploitation of
areas of the platform for contracting and
solve puzzles while you
fight against the different enemies series
the environments in 2d and a half have a
design similar to the original fortunately
the changes are very
more funds than the previous version was
the negative point because the movements were
very light the cars back
to the fight it was very complicated
access to inventory of items was very
boring but in this version
everything got too fluid can skill
very simple as well as updating the various
movements various modern elements
have also been added as a system
of gains where the xp points can be
used to unlock enhancements and
skills for your character and room
training were included for
improve and learn new skills
to remake ubisoft called design
few previous game boss and he
brought with him several members of his
team the developer of the previous game
with the philosophy of an update and
original exposure to please fans and
build a new audience at ubisoft
even managed to please the old fans but
failed to attract new players
the game has nothing innovative is
just a trophy to show me where it is
This is the game of today.
earned channel in action guys enjoy there
It helps a lot of people share in the
facebook and this is it until the next time
guys
thank you very much